# HorseTherepyDatabase
Our horse therapy buiness is in Long Island and in business for 5 years. Horse therepy is a buiness that offers horse rides to youth with disabilities to improve their confidence, trust and empathy, social skills, and their emotional awereness. In our farm, the customers can choose which treatment they want to have and can have subscription options for regular customers. Usually, the customers are getting attached to the horses as part of the treatment so they can have their regular horse to ride and treat every time they come. The business is using excel spreadsheets and physical books to keep track of all the customers, treatments, appointments, horses, employees, and equipment in the farm. The goal with using a relational database in our business is to grow with more treatments to help more youths.


Final Deliverable Brief Statement 
=

Despite our semester being fully online we had an overall great experience working on this project. We assembled a great team who were eager to learn, and contribute to this project. The hardest part of this project was creating the ER model to help support the business scenario. With the help of our teammate, and professor we were able to create a ER model which we then converted to a relational [model](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1da2wPSjTyYMMagXjWin4KjyYvFdYpmqQ/view?usp=sharing). Another challenging part was the normalization of the table. This part proved especially challenging because no one from our team had any experience working on this, but we pushed through it and put our best work and effort. The easiest part of this project was the SQL portion. We had a blast using SQL to create our table, and inserting data with the DBS statement. SQL was focused intensely in this class because we spent a month working on it. It would have probably been easier working on this in person but we learn a lot about working remotely together, and not being in person. We learn the importance of communication and making sure everyone from the team is on the same page, and working towards the same goal. This has made us better prepared for working in the real world, where collaboration is mandatory. What we should have done differently is been more specific in the business scenario, because if we would have been more clear the coding part would have gone even smoother. 


